Update crafters checklist (#28)
makerdao/pe-checklists: spell/spell-crafter-mainnet-workflow.md

## Development Stage

* Create new branch
  * [ ] Pull `master` branch of the `spells-mainnet` repo locally
  * [ ] Create a new branch named `YYYY-MM-DD` using the _initial_ target date of the spell
* Cleanup previous spell's actions
  * [ ] Check previous pull requests for the cleanup patterns
  * [ ] Delete unused dependencies in the `src/dependencies` folder IF applicable
  * Cleanup `src/test/config.sol`
    * [ ] Set `deployed_spell` to `address(0)`
    * [ ] Set `deployed_spell_created` to `0`
    * [ ] Set `deployed_spell_block` to `0`

>     * [ ] Consider to add `previous_spell` address IF it haven't been executed yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [ ] IF there are outstanding spells that have not been cast yet, add them to `previous_spells`.
```

  * [ ] Raw GitHub URL is correct
  * [ ] Exec hash is correct (use `cast keccak -- "$(curl '$URL' -o - 2>/dev/null)"` where `wget` doesn't work)
  * [ ] Ensure `description` date in `DssSpell.sol` matches target date inside Exec Doc
* [ ] Make sure all review comments are either addressed or explicitly answered
* [ ] Make sure all items in the Exec Sheet are confirmed, OTHERWISE notify Responsible Governance Facilitator
* [ ] Notify the reviewers (e.g. "Exec Hash is added, reviews are addressed")

## Deployment Stage

* [ ] Wait for at least two "good to deploy" comments (containing local tests) from the official reviewers
* Pre-deploy setup and checks (currently via `dapptools`)
  * Set local environment variables (`.sethrc`)
    * Deployer
      * [ ] Avoid using the same deployer for mainnet and testnet (to avoid deploying contracts with the same address but different sources)
      * [ ] `export ETH_PASSWORD=~/.env/password.txt`
      * [ ] `export ETH_KEYSTORE=~/.ethereum/keystore`
      * [ ] `export ETH_FROM=<address>`
    * EIP1559
      * [ ] Run `make estimate` to estimate gas

>       * [ ] `export ETH_GAS=X` with the output of the command above (e.g. `export ETH_GAS=6_000_000`)

Reviewer: Gas estimations might not be 100% accurate:
```suggestion
      * [ ] `export ETH_GAS=X` with the output of the command above + a safety margin (e.g. `export ETH_GAS=6_000_000`)
```

>       * [ ] Check current gas price using `seth gas-price` and set `ETH_GAS_PRICE` accordingly (e.g. `50 gwei`)

Reviewer: Wouldn't it be better top fetch it from the same source as the priority fee?

Author: It might be, but the aim of this PR is to just improve the structure or in some cases add/improve rules, but not change them, so I would put this out of scope 🙂
